Adds the ability to drive workflows from data (#193)
wwt/SwiftCurrent: README.md

And just like that, you've got a workflow! You can now add more items to it or reorder the items that are there. To understand more of how this works, [check out our developer docs.](https://wwt.github.io/SwiftCurrent/How%20to%20use%20SwiftCurrent%20with%20SwiftUI.html)

# Server Driven Workflows

> SwiftCurrent now supports server driven workflows! Check out our schema for details on how to define workflows with JSON, YAML or any other key/value based data format. Then, simply have your `FlowRepresentable` types that you wish to decode conform to `WorkflowDecodable` and decode the workflow. For more information, [see our docs](https://wwt.github.io/SwiftCurrent/server-driven-workflows.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SwiftCurrent now supports server driven workflows! Check out our schema for details on defining workflows with JSON, YAML, or any other key/value-based data format. Then, simply have your `FlowRepresentable` types that you wish to decode conform to `WorkflowDecodable` and decode the workflow. For more information, [see our docs](https://wwt.github.io/SwiftCurrent/server-driven-workflows.html).
```
